Here's my diary about SPARTA 21

Day 0 :
Day 0 of SPARTA HMIF was held on Monday, 4th July 2022. I actually don't know if it was going to be the day 0 SPARTA HMIF. Before that, we have to solve a puzzle that was given 
to us. After solving that puzzle, we got a zoom meeting ID and password. That ID and password was going to be used on the Day 0 SPARTA HMIF meeting. Unfortunately, there 
was a technical failure in Palembang's electric energy supplier. It caused a blackout in Palembang on that night. Because of that, I didn't attend that meeting.

Day 1 :
The first day of SPARTA HMIF was held on Thursday, 7th July 2022. Before that, I also remember that we gotta post a twibbon on our instagram and sign a contract.
In that day, there was a seminar about "Urgensi Kemahasiswaan". After that, there was a evaluation forum. In that day, we are 4 task that we must finish.
1. Make an essay about webinar "Urgensi Kemahasiswaan"
2. Interview with the other SPARTANS. Before Day 2, we had to have interviewed 5 SPARTANS.
3. Make an online "yearbook"
4. Make a same-pose photo and then change our line, google account, and zoom profile picture. 
5. Make a virtual background for Zoom
6. Take part in Wisuda Juli HMIF ITB 2022

Day 2 :
This day was definitely more exciting than day 1. It's because we can know many things about HMIF ITB. 
We can know the history, meaning of the logo, AD-ART, Mars, Hymne, and other activities in HMIF.

Day 3 :
In this day, we can know about Kesenatoran, Dewan Eksekutif, and Dewan Perwakilan dan Pengawasan. That day was actually interesting because we can know all departements of 
HMIF ITB.

Day 4 ( Fun Day ) :
In this day, there are 25 "games" that you can choose from. I choose CP. I thought it was gonna be offline ( it was held in a cafe or something like that ), but I was wrong.
At 12:00, we were given 5 challenges. I thought all of them is going to be CP challenges. But I was wrong. Only 1 of the challanges is the one about CP.
Here's the list of the challenges

1. Solve 4 Codeforces Problem
2. Make a "gombal" code
3. Make an essay about the best programming language
4. Make a document about the funniest programming meme
5. Make a website that contains documentary of today's challanges.

I chose the challenge where I was asked to make a simple code to "gombal". I don't know what I should make. I wanted to solve one of 4 codeforces problem, but all of the
problems was already taken by the others. And then, I remembered that yesterday before the funday, I made a Face Recognition code using python
( even though I didn't fully understand about the code, but it somehow works ). So, I decided to use Tkinter and that Face Recognition code to make a "gombal" code. The code 
is actually simple. When you run it, there will be a pop-up. That pop-up will contain a button that in it written "Wanna see the cutest person?". After you click that button, 
there will be a camera tab on your laptop with a box that track your face. On top of that box, there will be written your percentage of cute.  I know it is cringe, but all of 
my teammates don't have other idea. If you want to see the full code, you can visit my github repository :D. For the 4th problem, we made a google form where you can 
submit meme that you consider "funny". And for the 3th problem, we also make a google form about what's your favorite programming language. After that, we discuss about it
in a google docs and proceed to make the essay. 

Day 5 :
In this day, there is a seminar and an offine evaluation forum. The seminar started in morning at 9 AM. Because I don't know when will the second / evaluation forum started,
so I decided to come to ITB and watch the seminar from ITB. After that seminar, we were told that we have a "rest" time for about 90 minutes. After that, there will be
mentoring. The mentoring only just want us to rediscuss about the previous seminar materials. After that, there is a evaluation forum.

Day 6 :
This day was held in full offline. In the first session ( mentoring session ), we talked about how to make a life vision. After that, there's the evaluation session.
I also remembered that on that day I made a mistake. I should answer with "Themis", but I answered "Athens" instead. 


